DISTROS: add document with distro pointers (#13178)
curl/curl: docs/DISTROS.md

# curl distros

Lots of organizations distribute curl packages to end users. This is a
collection of pointers to where to learn more about curl on and with each
distro.

We discuss curl distro issues, patches and collaboration on the [curl-distros
mailing list](https://lists.haxx.se/mailman/listinfo/curl-distros)

## AlmaLinux

- curl: [URL]
- curl issues: [URL]
- curl patches: [URL]

# Alpine Linux

- curl: https://pkgs.alpinelinux.org/package/edge/main/x86_64/curl
- curl issues: https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/aports/-/issues
- curl security: https://security.alpinelinux.org/srcpkg/curl
- curl package source and patches: https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/aports/-/tree/master/main/curl

## Arch Linux

- curl: https://archlinux.org/packages/core/x86_64/curl/
- curl issues: https://gitlab.archlinux.org/archlinux/packaging/packages/curl/-/issues
- curl security: https://security.archlinux.org/package/curl
- curl wiki: https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/CURL

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# conda-forge

- curl: https://github.com/conda-forge/curl-feedstock
- curl issues: https://github.com/conda-forge/curl-feedstock/issues

```

- curl patches: [list of patches in package git](https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/curl/tree/rawhide)

## Gentoo Linux

- curl: https://packages.gentoo.org/packages/net-misc/curl
- curl issues: https://bugs.gentoo.org/buglist.cgi?quicksearch=net-misc/curl
- curl package sources and patches: https://gitweb.gentoo.org/repo/gentoo.git/tree/net-misc/curl/

## Homebrew

- curl: https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/curl

Homebrew's policy is that all patches should be submitted upstream unless it
is very specific to Homebrew's way of packaging software. The issues could
also just point to the generic Homebrew issue tracker. There is no specific
curl issue tracker in Homebrew.

## MacPorts

- curl: [URL]
- curl issues: [URL]
- curl patches: [URL]

## Mageia

curl: https://svnweb.mageia.org/packages/cauldron/curl/current/SPECS/curl.spec?view=markup
curl issues: https://bugs.mageia.org/buglist.cgi?bug_status=NEW&bug_status=UNCONFIRMED&bug_status=NEEDINFO&bug_status=UPSTREAM&bug_status=ASSIGNED&component=RPM%20Packages&f1=cf_rpmpkg&list_id=176576&o1=casesubstring&product=Mageia&query_format=advanced&v1=curl
curl patches: https://svnweb.mageia.org/packages/cauldron/curl/current/SOURCES/

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## MSYS2

- curl: https://github.com/msys2/MINGW-packages/tree/master/mingw-w64-curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/msys2/MINGW-packages/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/msys2/MINGW-packages/tree/master/mingw-w64-curl (`*.patch`)

# Muldersoft

- curl: https://github.com/lordmulder/cURL-build-win32
- curl issues: https://github.com/lordmulder/cURL-build-win32/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/lordmulder/cURL-build-win32/tree/master/patch

```

## NixOS

- curl: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/master/pkgs/tools/networking/curl/default.nix
- curl issues: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs

nixpkgs is the package repository used by the NixOS Linux distribution, but
can also be used on other distributions

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## OmniOS

- curl: https://github.com/omniosorg/omnios-build/tree/master/build/curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/omniosorg/omnios-build/issues/new
- curl patches: https://github.com/omniosorg/omnios-build/tree/master/build/curl/patches
```

## OpenIndiana

- curl: https://github.com/OpenIndiana/oi-userland/tree/oi/hipster/components/web/curl
- curl issues: https://www.illumos.org/projects/openindiana/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/OpenIndiana/oi-userland/tree/oi/hipster/components/web/curl/patches

## Oracle Solaris

- curl: https://github.com/oracle/solaris-userland/tree/master/components/curl
- curl issues: https://support.oracle.com/ (requires support contract)
- curl patches: https://github.com/oracle/solaris-userland/tree/master/components/curl/patches

> 

Reviewer 3: ```
## pkgsrc

- curl: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/pkgsrc/tree/trunk/www/curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/pkgsrc/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/pkgsrc/tree/trunk/www/curl/patches
```

(please confirm with @jperkin)

## Red Hat

- curl: [URL]
- curl issues: [URL]
- curl patches: [URL]

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## vcpkg

- curl: https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg/tree/master/ports/curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg/tree/master/ports/curl (`*.patch`)

```

> 

Reviewer 3: ```
## SmartOS

- curl: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/illumos-extra/tree/master/curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/illumos-extra/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/illumos-extra/tree/master/curl/Patches

# curl distros

<!-- markdown-link-check-disable -->

Lots of organizations distribute curl packages to end users. This is a
collection of pointers to where to learn more about curl on and with each
distro.

We discuss curl distro issues, patches and collaboration on the [curl-distros

> mailing list](https://lists.haxx.se/mailman/listinfo/curl-distros)

Reviewer 4: Embarrassingly trivial, but:

```suggestion
mailing list](https://lists.haxx.se/mailman/listinfo/curl-distros).
```

- curl: https://curl.se/windows/

Issues and patches for this are managed in the main curl project.

## Debian

- curl: https://tracker.debian.org/pkg/curl
- curl issues: https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/pkgreport.cgi?pkg=curl
- curl patches: https://udd.debian.org/patches.cgi?src=curl

## Fedora

- curl: https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/curl
- curl issues: [bugzilla](https://bugzilla.redhat.com/buglist.cgi?bug_status=NEW&bug_status=ASSIGNED&classification=Fedora&product=Fedora&product=Fedora%20EPEL&component=curl)
- curl patches: [list of patches in package git](https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/curl/tree/rawhide)

## Gentoo Linux

- curl: https://packages.gentoo.org/packages/net-misc/curl
- curl issues: https://bugs.gentoo.org/buglist.cgi?quicksearch=net-misc/curl
- curl package sources and patches: https://gitweb.gentoo.org/repo/gentoo.git/tree/net-misc/curl/

## Homebrew

- curl: https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/curl

Homebrew's policy is that all patches should be submitted upstream unless it
is very specific to Homebrew's way of packaging software. The issues could
also just point to the generic Homebrew issue tracker. There is no specific

> curl issue tracker in Homebrew.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl issue tracker in Homebrew.

## MacPorts

- curl: https://github.com/macports/macports-ports/tree/master/net/curl
- curl issues: https://trac.macports.org/query?0_port=curl&0_port_mode=%7E&0_status=%21closed
- curl patches: https://github.com/macports/macports-ports/tree/master/net/curl/files

```

## NixOS

- curl: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/master/pkgs/tools/networking/curl/default.nix
- curl issues: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs

nixpkgs is the package repository used by the NixOS Linux distribution, but
can also be used on other distributions

## OmniOS

- curl: https://github.com/omniosorg/omnios-build/tree/master/build/curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/omniosorg/omnios-build/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/omniosorg/omnios-build/tree/master/build/curl/patches

## OpenIndiana

- curl: https://github.com/OpenIndiana/oi-userland/tree/oi/hipster/components/web/curl
- curl issues: https://www.illumos.org/projects/openindiana/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/OpenIndiana/oi-userland/tree/oi/hipster/components/web/curl/patches

## Oracle Solaris

- curl: https://github.com/oracle/solaris-userland/tree/master/components/curl
- curl issues: https://support.oracle.com/ (requires support contract)
- curl patches: https://github.com/oracle/solaris-userland/tree/master/components/curl/patches

## pkgsrc

- curl: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/pkgsrc/tree/trunk/www/curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/pkgsrc/issues

> - curl patches: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/pkgsrc/tree/trunk/www/curl/patches

Reviewer 5: Better to use the main NetBSD repository at https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc, but otherwise correct.

# curl distros

Lots of organizations distribute curl packages to end users. This is a
collection of pointers to where to learn more about curl on and with each
distro.

We discuss curl distro issues, patches and collaboration on the [curl-distros
mailing list](https://lists.haxx.se/mailman/listinfo/curl-distros)

## AlmaLinux

- curl: [URL]
- curl issues: [URL]
- curl patches: [URL]

# Alpine Linux

- curl: https://pkgs.alpinelinux.org/package/edge/main/x86_64/curl
- curl issues: https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/aports/-/issues
- curl security: https://security.alpinelinux.org/srcpkg/curl
- curl package source and patches: https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/aports/-/tree/master/main/curl

## Arch Linux

- curl: https://archlinux.org/packages/core/x86_64/curl/
- curl issues: https://gitlab.archlinux.org/archlinux/packaging/packages/curl/-/issues
- curl security: https://security.archlinux.org/package/curl
- curl wiki: https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/CURL

# Conary

- curl: https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/tree/master/recipes/libcurl
- curl issues: https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/issues

> - curl patches: https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/tree/master/recipes/libcurl/all/patches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- curl patches: https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/tree/master/recipes/libcurl (in `all/patches/*`, if any)
```

curl patches: https://svnweb.mageia.org/packages/cauldron/curl/current/SOURCES/

## MSYS2

- curl: https://github.com/msys2/MINGW-packages/tree/master/mingw-w64-curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/msys2/MINGW-packages/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/msys2/MINGW-packages/tree/master/mingw-w64-curl (`*.patch`)

# Muldersoft

- curl: https://github.com/lordmulder/cURL-build-win32
- curl issues: https://github.com/lordmulder/cURL-build-win32/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/lordmulder/cURL-build-win32/tree/master/patch

## NixOS

- curl: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/master/pkgs/tools/networking/curl/default.nix
- curl issues: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs

nixpkgs is the package repository used by the NixOS Linux distribution, but
can also be used on other distributions

## OmniOS

- curl: https://github.com/omniosorg/omnios-build/tree/master/build/curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/omniosorg/omnios-build/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/omniosorg/omnios-build/tree/master/build/curl/patches

> 

Reviewer 6: Please add:
```
## OpenEmbedded / Yocto Project

- curl: https://layers.openembedded.org/layerindex/recipe/5765/
- curl issues: https://bugzilla.yoctoproject.org/
- curl patches: https://git.openembedded.org/openembedded-core/tree/meta/recipes-support/curl
```

- curl patches: https://github.com/OpenIndiana/oi-userland/tree/oi/hipster/components/web/curl/patches

## Oracle Solaris

- curl: https://github.com/oracle/solaris-userland/tree/master/components/curl
- curl issues: https://support.oracle.com/ (requires support contract)
- curl patches: https://github.com/oracle/solaris-userland/tree/master/components/curl/patches

## pkgsrc

- curl: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/pkgsrc/tree/trunk/www/curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/pkgsrc/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/pkgsrc/tree/trunk/www/curl/patches

## Red Hat

- curl: [URL]
- curl issues: [URL]
- curl patches: [URL]

## SmartOS

- curl: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/illumos-extra/tree/master/curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/illumos-extra/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/illumos-extra/tree/master/curl/Patches

## vcpkg

- curl: https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg/tree/master/ports/curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg/tree/master/ports/curl (`*.patch`)

> 

Reviewer 7: ```markdown
## Void Linux
- curl: https://github.com/void-linux/void-packages/tree/master/srcpkgs/curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/void-linux/void-packages/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/void-linux/void-packages/tree/master/srcpkgs/curl/patches
```

# conda-forge

- curl: https://github.com/conda-forge/curl-feedstock
- curl issues: https://github.com/conda-forge/curl-feedstock/issues

## curl-for-win

(this is the official curl binaries for Windows shipped by the curl project)

- curl: https://curl.se/windows/

Issues and patches for this are managed in the main curl project.

## Debian

- curl: https://tracker.debian.org/pkg/curl
- curl issues: https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/pkgreport.cgi?pkg=curl
- curl patches: https://udd.debian.org/patches.cgi?src=curl

## Fedora

- curl: https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/curl
- curl issues: [bugzilla](https://bugzilla.redhat.com/buglist.cgi?bug_status=NEW&bug_status=ASSIGNED&classification=Fedora&product=Fedora&product=Fedora%20EPEL&component=curl)
- curl patches: [list of patches in package git](https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/curl/tree/rawhide)

## Gentoo Linux

- curl: https://packages.gentoo.org/packages/net-misc/curl
- curl issues: https://bugs.gentoo.org/buglist.cgi?quicksearch=net-misc/curl
- curl package sources and patches: https://gitweb.gentoo.org/repo/gentoo.git/tree/net-misc/curl/

## Homebrew

- curl: https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/curl

> Homebrew's policy is that all patches should be submitted upstream unless it
> is very specific to Homebrew's way of packaging software. The issues could
> also just point to the generic Homebrew issue tracker. There is no specific
> curl issue tracker in Homebrew.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
Homebrew's policy is that all patches and issues should be submitted upstream unless it
is very specific to Homebrew's way of packaging software.
```

- curl issues: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs

nixpkgs is the package repository used by the NixOS Linux distribution, but
can also be used on other distributions

## OmniOS

- curl: https://github.com/omniosorg/omnios-build/tree/master/build/curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/omniosorg/omnios-build/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/omniosorg/omnios-build/tree/master/build/curl/patches

## OpenIndiana

- curl: https://github.com/OpenIndiana/oi-userland/tree/oi/hipster/components/web/curl
- curl issues: https://www.illumos.org/projects/openindiana/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/OpenIndiana/oi-userland/tree/oi/hipster/components/web/curl/patches

## Oracle Solaris

- curl: https://github.com/oracle/solaris-userland/tree/master/components/curl
- curl issues: https://support.oracle.com/ (requires support contract)
- curl patches: https://github.com/oracle/solaris-userland/tree/master/components/curl/patches

## pkgsrc

- curl: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/pkgsrc/tree/trunk/www/curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/pkgsrc/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/pkgsrc/tree/trunk/www/curl/patches

> ## Red Hat

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
## Red Hat Enterprise Linux / CentOS Stream
```

> - curl: [URL]

Reviewer 9: ```md
- curl: https://kojihub.stream.centos.org/koji/packageinfo?packageID=217
- curl issues: https://issues.redhat.com/secure/CreateIssueDetails!init.jspa?pid=12332745&issuetype=1&components=12377466&priority=10300
- curl patches: https://gitlab.com/redhat/centos-stream/rpms/curl
```

- curl issues: [URL]
- curl patches: [URL]

## Rocky Linux

- curl: https://git.rockylinux.org/staging/rpms/curl/-/blob/r9/SPECS/curl.spec
- curl issues: https://bugs.rockylinux.org
- curl patches: https://git.rockylinux.org/staging/rpms/curl/-/tree/r9/SOURCES

## SmartOS

- curl: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/illumos-extra/tree/master/curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/illumos-extra/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/TritonDataCenter/illumos-extra/tree/master/curl/Patches

## vcpkg

- curl: https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg/tree/master/ports/curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg/tree/master/ports/curl (`*.patch`)

> ## Void Linux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Void Linux

```

# curl distros

<!-- markdown-link-check-disable -->

Lots of organizations distribute curl packages to end users. This is a
collection of pointers to where to learn more about curl on and with each
distro.

We discuss curl distro issues, patches and collaboration on the [curl-distros
mailing list](https://lists.haxx.se/mailman/listinfo/curl-distros).

> 

Reviewer 10: New entry:

## Alma Linux

- curl package source and patches: curl package source and patches
- curl issues: https://bugs.almalinux.org/view_all_bug_page.php *click Category and choose curl*
- curl security: https://errata.almalinux.org/ *search for curl*

> # Alpine Linux

Reviewer 10: The heading level is inconsistent. Some (e.g. Alpine, Clear, Conary) are level 1 whereas others (e.g. Arch, curl-for-win) are level 2.

- curl: https://pkgs.alpinelinux.org/package/edge/main/x86_64/curl
- curl issues: https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/aports/-/issues
- curl security: https://security.alpinelinux.org/srcpkg/curl
- curl package source and patches: https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/aports/-/tree/master/main/curl

## Arch Linux

- curl: https://archlinux.org/packages/core/x86_64/curl/
- curl issues: https://gitlab.archlinux.org/archlinux/packaging/packages/curl/-/issues
- curl security: https://security.archlinux.org/package/curl
- curl wiki: https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/CURL

> 

Reviewer 10: ## Chimera

- curl package source and patches: https://github.com/chimera-linux/cports/tree/master/main/curl

# Clear Linux

- curl: https://github.com/clearlinux-pkgs/curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/clearlinux/distribution/issues

# Conary

- curl: https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/tree/master/recipes/libcurl
- curl issues: https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/tree/master/recipes/libcurl (in `all/patches/*`, if any)

# conda-forge

- curl: https://github.com/conda-forge/curl-feedstock
- curl issues: https://github.com/conda-forge/curl-feedstock/issues

## curl-for-win

(this is the official curl binaries for Windows shipped by the curl project)

- curl: https://curl.se/windows/

Issues and patches for this are managed in the main curl project.

## Debian

- curl: https://tracker.debian.org/pkg/curl
- curl issues: https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/pkgreport.cgi?pkg=curl

> - curl patches: https://udd.debian.org/patches.cgi?src=curl

Reviewer 11: - curl patches: https://salsa.debian.org/debian/curl (in `debian/*` branches, inside the folder `debian/patches`)

Reviewer 11: To clarify, UDD won't list the patches for the older Debian releases, such as buster or stretch, while we do keep all of the packaging in a single git repo.

## Fedora

- curl: https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/curl
- curl issues: [bugzilla](https://bugzilla.redhat.com/buglist.cgi?bug_status=NEW&bug_status=ASSIGNED&classification=Fedora&product=Fedora&product=Fedora%20EPEL&component=curl)
- curl patches: [list of patches in package git](https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/curl/tree/rawhide)

## Gentoo Linux

- curl: https://packages.gentoo.org/packages/net-misc/curl
- curl issues: https://bugs.gentoo.org/buglist.cgi?quicksearch=net-misc/curl
- curl package sources and patches: https://gitweb.gentoo.org/repo/gentoo.git/tree/net-misc/curl/

## GNU Guix

- curl: https://git.savannah.gnu.org/gitweb/?p=guix.git;a=blob;f=gnu/packages/curl.scm;hb=HEAD
- curl issues: https://issues.guix.gnu.org/search?query=curl

## Homebrew

- curl: https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/curl

Homebrew's policy is that all patches and issues should be submitted upstream
unless it is very specific to Homebrew's way of packaging software.

## MacPorts

> - curl: https://github.com/macports/macports-ports/tree/master/net/curl
> - curl issues: https://trac.macports.org/query?0_port=curl&0_port_mode=%7E&0_status=%21closed

Reviewer 12: I suggest:
```suggestion
- curl: https://ports.macports.org/port/curl
- curl issues: https://trac.macports.org/query?status=!closed&port=~curl
```

- curl patches: https://github.com/macports/macports-ports/tree/master/net/curl/files

## Mageia

> curl: https://svnweb.mageia.org/packages/cauldron/curl/current/SPECS/curl.spec?view=markup

Reviewer 10: These are missing "-" bullet point marks

curl issues: https://bugs.mageia.org/buglist.cgi?bug_status=NEW&bug_status=UNCONFIRMED&bug_status=NEEDINFO&bug_status=UPSTREAM&bug_status=ASSIGNED&component=RPM%20Packages&f1=cf_rpmpkg&list_id=176576&o1=casesubstring&product=Mageia&query_format=advanced&v1=curl
curl patches: https://svnweb.mageia.org/packages/cauldron/curl/current/SOURCES/

> 

Reviewer 10: Another line to add:

- curl patches in stable distro releases: https://svnweb.mageia.org/packages/updates/<STABLE_VERSION>/curl/current/SOURCES/

I don't see how to point people to the right place without making the version number a placeholder. GitHub's Markdown parser linkifies this literal text in a way that results in a link that lists the version options available, so this is probably fine like this. The stable release are probably going to be the more interesting to other people than the rolling release ones above since that's where backported patches are going to end up.

> 

Reviewer 10: Another line:

- curl security: https://advisories.mageia.org/src_curl.html

## MSYS2

- curl: https://github.com/msys2/MINGW-packages/tree/master/mingw-w64-curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/msys2/MINGW-packages/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/msys2/MINGW-packages/tree/master/mingw-w64-curl (`*.patch`)

> # Muldersoft

Reviewer: `Muldersoft` seems to be the more accurate name, though I chose `MuldeR` because that what we use on the downloads page: https://curl.se/download.html#Win32
It'd be nice sync the name between the two documents.

Author: So maybe change the download page to the more accurate, right?

Reviewer: Yes, that's the way to go I think.

Author: Great, they are now *Muldersoft* on the download page as well!

- curl issues: https://support.oracle.com/ (requires support contract)
- curl patches: https://github.com/oracle/solaris-userland/tree/master/components/curl/patches

## OpenEmbedded / Yocto Project

- curl: https://layers.openembedded.org/layerindex/recipe/5765/
- curl issues: https://bugzilla.yoctoproject.org/
- curl patches: https://git.openembedded.org/openembedded-core/tree/meta/recipes-support/curl

## pkgsrc

- curl: https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc/tree/trunk/www/curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc/tree/trunk/www/curl/patches

## Red Hat Enterprise Linux / CentOS Stream

- curl: https://kojihub.stream.centos.org/koji/packageinfo?packageID=217
- curl issues: https://issues.redhat.com/secure/CreateIssueDetails!init.jspa?pid=12332745&issuetype=1&components=12377466&priority=10300
- curl patches: https://gitlab.com/redhat/centos-stream/rpms/curl

## Rocky Linux

- curl: https://git.rockylinux.org/staging/rpms/curl/-/blob/r9/SPECS/curl.spec
- curl issues: https://bugs.rockylinux.org
- curl patches: https://git.rockylinux.org/staging/rpms/curl/-/tree/r9/SOURCES

> 

Reviewer 13: SerenityOS:

- curl: https://github.com/SerenityOS/serenity/tree/master/Ports/curl
- curl issues: https://github.com/SerenityOS/serenity/issues?q=label%3Aports
- curl patches: https://github.com/SerenityOS/serenity/tree/master/Ports/curl/patches

Author: Thanks!

# curl distros

Lots of organizations distribute curl packages to end users. This is a
collection of pointers to where to learn more about curl on and with each
distro.

## AlmaLinux

- curl: [URL]
- curl issues: [URL]
- curl patches: [URL]

## Arch Linux

- curl: [URL]
- curl issues: [URL]
- curl patches: [URL]

## Debian

- curl: https://tracker.debian.org/pkg/curl
- curl issues: https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/pkgreport.cgi?pkg=curl
- curl patches: https://udd.debian.org/patches.cgi?src=curl

## Homebrew

- curl: https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/curl
- curl issues: [URL]
- curl patches: [URL]

## MacPorts

- curl: [URL]
- curl issues: [URL]
- curl patches: [URL]

## Megeia

- curl: [URL]
- curl issues: [URL]
- curl patches: [URL]

> ## Red Hat / Fedora
> 
> - curl: [URL]
> - curl issues: [URL]
> - curl patches: [URL]

Reviewer 14: ```suggestion
## Fedora

- curl: https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/curl
- curl issues: [bugzilla](https://bugzilla.redhat.com/buglist.cgi?bug_status=NEW&bug_status=ASSIGNED&classification=Fedora&product=Fedora&product=Fedora%20EPEL&component=curl)
- curl patches: [list of patches in package git](https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/curl/tree/rawhide)

## Red Hat

- curl: [URL]
- curl issues: [URL]
- curl patches: [URL]
```

Author: Done!

# curl distros

Lots of organizations distribute curl packages to end users. This is a
collection of pointers to where to learn more about curl on and with each
distro.

## AlmaLinux

- curl: [URL]
- curl issues: [URL]
- curl patches: [URL]

## Arch Linux

- curl: https://archlinux.org/packages/core/x86_64/curl/
- curl issues: https://gitlab.archlinux.org/archlinux/packaging/packages/curl/-/issues
- curl security: https://security.archlinux.org/package/curl
- curl wiki: https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/CURL

## Debian

- curl: https://tracker.debian.org/pkg/curl
- curl issues: https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/pkgreport.cgi?pkg=curl
- curl patches: https://udd.debian.org/patches.cgi?src=curl

## Fedora

- curl: https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/curl
- curl issues: [bugzilla](https://bugzilla.redhat.com/buglist.cgi?bug_status=NEW&bug_status=ASSIGNED&classification=Fedora&product=Fedora&product=Fedora%20EPEL&component=curl)
- curl patches: [list of patches in package git](https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/curl/tree/rawhide)

## Homebrew

- curl: https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/curl

> - curl issues: [URL]
> - curl patches: [URL]

Reviewer 8: Really Homebrew's policy is that all patches should be submitted upstream unless it is very specific to Homebrew's way of packaging software. The issues could also just point to the generic Homebrew issue tracker. There is no specific curl issue tracker in Homebrew.

```suggestion
- curl issues: https://github.com/curl/curl/issues
- curl patches: https://github.com/curl/curl/pull
```

mailing list](https://lists.haxx.se/mailman/listinfo/curl-distros)

## AlmaLinux

- curl: [URL]
- curl issues: [URL]
- curl patches: [URL]

## Arch Linux

- curl: https://archlinux.org/packages/core/x86_64/curl/
- curl issues: https://gitlab.archlinux.org/archlinux/packaging/packages/curl/-/issues
- curl security: https://security.archlinux.org/package/curl
- curl wiki: https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/CURL

## curl-for-win

(this is the official curl binaries for Windows shipped by the curl project)

- curl: https://curl.se/windows/

Issues and patches for this are managed in the main curl project.

## Debian

- curl: https://tracker.debian.org/pkg/curl
- curl issues: https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/pkgreport.cgi?pkg=curl
- curl patches: https://udd.debian.org/patches.cgi?src=curl

## Fedora

- curl: https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/curl
- curl issues: [bugzilla](https://bugzilla.redhat.com/buglist.cgi?bug_status=NEW&bug_status=ASSIGNED&classification=Fedora&product=Fedora&product=Fedora%20EPEL&component=curl)
- curl patches: [list of patches in package git](https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/curl/tree/rawhide)

> 

Reviewer 15: ```suggestion

## Gentoo Linux

- curl: https://packages.gentoo.org/packages/net-misc/curl
- curl issues: https://bugs.gentoo.org/buglist.cgi?quicksearch=net-misc%252Fcurl
- curl package sources and patches: https://gitweb.gentoo.org/repo/gentoo.git/tree/net-misc/curl/

```

# curl distros

Lots of organizations distribute curl packages to end users. This is a
collection of pointers to where to learn more about curl on and with each
distro.

We discuss curl distro issues, patches and collaboration on the [curl-distros
mailing list](https://lists.haxx.se/mailman/listinfo/curl-distros)

## AlmaLinux

- curl: [URL]
- curl issues: [URL]
- curl patches: [URL]

> 

Reviewer 16: ```suggestion

# Alpine Linux

- curl: https://pkgs.alpinelinux.org/package/edge/main/x86_64/curl
- curl issues: https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/aports/-/issues
- curl security: https://security.alpinelinux.org/srcpkg/curl
- curl package source and patches: https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/aports/-/tree/master/main/curl

```

## Arch Linux

- curl: https://archlinux.org/packages/core/x86_64/curl/
- curl issues: https://gitlab.archlinux.org/archlinux/packaging/packages/curl/-/issues
- curl security: https://security.archlinux.org/package/curl
- curl wiki: https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/CURL

## curl-for-win

(this is the official curl binaries for Windows shipped by the curl project)

- curl: https://curl.se/windows/

Issues and patches for this are managed in the main curl project.

## Debian

- curl: https://tracker.debian.org/pkg/curl
- curl issues: https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/pkgreport.cgi?pkg=curl
- curl patches: https://udd.debian.org/patches.cgi?src=curl

## Fedora

- curl: https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/curl
- curl issues: [bugzilla](https://bugzilla.redhat.com/buglist.cgi?bug_status=NEW&bug_status=ASSIGNED&classification=Fedora&product=Fedora&product=Fedora%20EPEL&component=curl)
- curl patches: [list of patches in package git](https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/curl/tree/rawhide)

## Gentoo Linux

- curl: https://packages.gentoo.org/packages/net-misc/curl

> - curl issues: https://bugs.gentoo.org/buglist.cgi?quicksearch=net-misc%252Fcurl

Reviewer 15: Sorry, something must have gone wrong with escaping when copy-pasting the URL. Could you correct that to:

```suggestion
- curl issues: https://bugs.gentoo.org/buglist.cgi?quicksearch=net-misc/curl
```
